it's a big day for Muhammad and shahad
the young couple just got married but
it's not the wedding they had dreamed
[Applause]
of like thousands of Palestinians
they've been displaced by the war in
Gaza this tent in Rafa is now their
home friends decorated it as best they
could instead of a beauty salon for the
bride she will have to make do with
available makeup products
the wedding cake replaced with a bowl of
snacks I'm like everyone else I wanted a
nice party in a wedding hall not a tent
but all our belongings are gone still we
need to thank God for everything
alhamdulillah for months the couple
planned and saved for their wedding but
both their homes were destroyed in GSA
City the bride's wedding dress and the
groom's new furniture all gone
[Music]
when my daughter thinks about it she
starts to cry I tell her don't cry it's
just money all of us are here but the
truth is our happiness is incomplete
because most of our family isn't here we
can't reach them and some of our
relatives have died in the
war it may not be an ideal setting
living in a tense City with constant
reminders of
War it's also an opportunity they say to
celebrate perhaps more intensely moments
of
Joy sadness is all around us but we need
to create a glimmer of hope despite
everything and so to honor New
Beginnings guests celebrate Muhammad and
shahan's new
chapter it's not the Glamorous wedding
they'd hope for but the family says in a
way it feels more special a way to also
Celebrate life love and resilience even
amid War K lope Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer